feat(serverless): define ips ranges (#1568)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-containers.mdx

## What are the limitations of Serverless Containers?

Refer to our dedicated page about [Serverless Containers limitations and configuration restrictions](/serverless/containers/reference-content/containers-limitations/) for more information.

## Can I allowlist the IPs of my containers?

> Some services needs to filter IPs for example databases. Serverless Containers does not support Virtual Private Networks yet but you can use Scaleway IP Ranges definied here: http://as12876.net/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some services need to filter IPs for example databases. Serverless Containers does not support Virtual Private Networks yet but you can use the Scaleway IP Ranges defined in the following link: [http://as12876.net/](http://as12876.net/).```
